Upgrade notes for logsdb mode (#982)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/data-store/data-streams/logs-data-stream.md

A logs data stream is a data stream type that stores log data more efficiently.

> In benchmarks, log data stored in a logs data stream used ~2.5 times less disk space than a regular data stream, at a small (10-20%) penalty in indexing performance. The exact impact varies by data set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In benchmarks, log data stored in a logs data stream used ~2.5 times less disk space than a regular data stream, at a small (10-20%) penalty in indexing performance. The exact impact varies by data set and Elasticsearch version.
``` 

?

> ## Notes about upgrading to Logsdb [upgrade-to-logsdb-notes]

Reviewer 2: Whoops, meant to suggest changes to the heading too. You could also try something like "Apply logsdb index mode" for the heading -- up to you.

```suggestion
## Upgrade to logsdb [upgrade-to-logsdb]
```

Author: I missed this, sent https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/992

> Starting with version `9.0`, `logsdb` index mode is automatically applied to data streams with names matching pattern `logs-*-*`. This is limited to Elasticsearch instances created in version `9.0` or later, as well as older instances that had no data streams matching pattern `logs-*-*`. In the latter case, `logsdb` index mode can still be configured manually, using the steps described [above](#how-to-use-logsds).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with version `9.0`, `logsdb` index mode is automatically applied to data streams with names matching the pattern `logs-*-*`. This default applies to Elasticsearch instances created in version `9.0` or later, as well as older instances that had no data streams matching the pattern `logs-*-*`. For the latter, you can still [configure `logsdb` index mode manually](#how-to-use-logsds).
```
